a) 

i) A tool to build a portable development environment. This can reduce the probability of "works on machine" and makes the development environment is almost same with the production environment.

ii) A text editing tool which primary focus on combination of keystrokes to edit the code. It can save time for power users and developers. 

iii) A continuos integration server which can handle CI processes. It can run build, tests automatically upon new changes detected in the central source code repo.

iv) Its a hypervisor a tool to manage and run virtual machines. It can be a platform for user to run virtual OS and emulate such as Linux, Windows etc on a physical machine which may run different OS. Can be used for testing and developer environment.

v) Its a software tool for continuos inspection on the source code and new changes on the code. It can detect dangerous coding convention, static code analysis and reflect the codes to best practices of coding.

b) 

i)
Step 1: Writing a test and make sure the function that is going to develop fails it.

Step 2: Developing the function until it passes the test. No more codes added after this point.

Step 3: Refactor and remove code duplication and integrate with the project.

ii) 
<list>
1. When test is written first, it makes sure the developer full understands what the function takes in and what it does(output, return).
2. Minimal code and testable code is written.
3. Developed function will always come with its test which yield higher test coverage.
4. The test scripts can be iteratively added to test scripts for automation.
5. It leads to development of loosely coupled code and small chuck of code which is easier to fix and debug.
6. Tester don't have to spend time to write a new test script which is already done and focus more on component test.
</list>

iii) Yes. First of all test coverage. 100% test coverage can be achieved. 

Loosely coupled codes will be developed.

Easier to build test scripts.

Number of lines for a fuction will be small and testable.

It can gurantee better quality of software.