a) Its a process of cleaning up the developed code in order to improve the code quality. 

It can detect and remove duplicate codes which can cause problems likes undiscovered bugs, incomplete test cases and low line coverage. It will make code more readable and easier to test when others look at the developed code. We can also detect smelly codes and dangereous coding conventions. Overall this can improve and maintain the quality of the software and morale of the team.

b)
<list>

1. Comment that is not neccesary. Example: <br>
<code>
//this is a variable type int with value 5 <br>
int val1 = 5;
</code>
2. Comment that is ambiguos and not clear. It doesn't specify the type of val that we can pass into the calHash method.<br>
<code>
//this method takes val and returns its hash<br>
function calHash(val){
    return hash(val);
}
</code>
3. Comments that cannot be included in documentation. 
<br>
<code>
//shoutout to my short friend for developing this cool method.<br>
function calHash(val){
    return hash(val);
}
</code>
</list>

c) 
<list>

1. Package Diagram from packages imports and source code.
2. Relationship between classes.
3. Interface diagrams.
4. Class couplings.
</list>

d)

i) 
<list>
1. Hidden bugs.
2. Difficult bug fixing as bugs maybe duplicated.
3. Unused pieces of codes which only eats up space.
4. As some of the codes are not used, some tests cases will be skipped which results in low code coverage.
</list>

ii) 
<list>
1. Point out to Vijay which parts that he needs. This will help Vijay to copy only lines of codes that he needs and he can write test cases for it.
2. Add comments to illustrate the lines so that it helps Vijay to be carefull with his implementation. For example, warning to say that a method might return null value.
</list>
 