a) Its true. However, software quality cannot be solely measured by how many test cases it passes as number of test cases is not finite. There are many other metrics for software quality. TDD makes sure the codes are minimal and passes the test. It hearby injects more quality of a software when the code is already been developed. Such quality is minimal code, code passing tests, low couplings.

Differences.

Testing codes are written after code is developed for conventional testing and testing code is written before the code is developed in TDD

In TDD, codes are developed until it passes the written test and the code is later refactored. While in the conventional testing, the test are written when ever they think the particular line in the code needs testing. TDD, focusses on input output and passing test while conventional is more to making sure everyline in the code is working properly. This brings to unnessasry testing and hevely coupled code.

b) 
<list>
1. Runs fast. Unit test are meant to be run man many times and if they are not running fast, they can be executed fast enough.
2. Limited in scope. As UNIT test tests small unit of a code likes a method, it should be obvious to find the error if the test fails. 
3. Uses Stub and Mock. STUB and MOCK can be used to mock external, heavy dependencies such as database and writing to file system. This can be achieved via abstactions.
4. Runs in isolation. It needs no special environment setup and doesn't fail unexpectedly.
</list>

c) Monkey Testing: Monkey - Android <br> Capture/Playback Testing: Autohotkey

d) Haha, do yourself
