a) 
<list>
1. Early integration problem detection. As build, test are run automatically whenever there is a new change pushed to the remote repo, errors can be detected fast and development team can start fixing it. 
2. Task automation. As build, test are automated, the team can focus solely on building a software that passes the build and test. For the isolation, the team can now worry less about "works on my machine" problem.
</list>

b) 


Build Tools 
<list>
1. MSBuild
2. Ant
3. Maven
</list>

Version Control 
<list>

1. Git
2. Subversion
3. CVS
</list>

Continuos Integration Server 
<list>

1. Jenkins
2. Cruisecontrol
3. TeamCity
</list>

Testing framework 
<list>

1. Selenium
2. MSTest
3. NUnit
</list>

Build Tools -> Tools to build an executeble software that will be used. This can be a final product of the software project or pieces that make up the whole project.

Continuous Integration Server -> This server can host CI processes such as build, test automation, code quality analysis.

Version Control -> A tool to be used as source code version control especially when working in a team. This can be used to track versions of the code with features of branching to work on new feature and bug fix, reverting changes to get the required version.

Testing Framework -> A framework to write software testing codes which includes stub and mock and test suite.

c) 

Automation. Command line scripts can be compiled into few bash files which can be executed by the computer itself by using a webhook or task scheduler.

Easier to run. Instructions to run the scripts are a lot simpler that clicking on the IDE. Its IDE independent so, developer can use IDE of their choice and still be able to run the script.

d) 

Run build. Build script can be run by executing the build script.

Run test. Run static, unit test and integration test by running the test script or test suite.

Generate software quality report. The CI server can communicate with other tools to run static code analysis such as line coverage and code quality metrics such as code complexity.